feat(cbr): add one time resource to update backup (#7100)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/cbr_update_backup.md

---

> subcategory: "Cloud Backup and Recovery"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subcategory: "Cloud Backup and Recovery (CBR)"
```

---
subcategory: "Cloud Backup and Recovery"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_cbr_update_backup"
description: |-

>   Manages the update operation for CBR backup within HuaweiCloud.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Manages a resource to update CBR backup within HuaweiCloud.
```

---

# huaweicloud_cbr_update_backup

Manages the update operation for CBR backup within HuaweiCloud.

-> The current resource is a one-time resource, and destroying this resource will not recover the updated backup,
but will only remove the resource information from the tfstate file.

## Example Usage

```hcl

> variable "region" {}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

variable "backup_id" {}
variable "name" {}

resource "huaweicloud_cbr_update_backup" "example" {
  region    = var.region
  backup_id = var.backup_id
  
  backup {
    name = var.name
  }

> }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
resource "huaweicloud_cbr_update_backup" "test" {
  backup_id = var.backup_id
  
  backup {
    name = var.name
  }
}
```
